[OperationalInsights] Cluster Validation change and extended error msg (#17634)
Azure/azure-powershell: src/OperationalInsights/OperationalInsights/ChangeLog.md

-->

## Upcoming Release

> * remove capacity validation in new and update cluster cmdlets - validation exists on server side.
> * extended error message on base class for extended info.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Removed capacity validation in new and update cluster cmdlets as validation exists on server side.
* Extended error message on base class for extended information.
```
